It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was that?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease you purify a virus by making a lot of I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus I don't understand what the issue they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different no it depends on how they used it can you explain the process of HIV isolation
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It's literally turning into a worst-case scenario.
The latest data tells us that we're dealing with, essentially, a worst-case scenario.
He is the life of parties he has never attended.
If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits.
When in Rome, they do as he does.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
I don't always ruin things, but when I do, I prefer the great reset.
Stay awake, my friends.
Our first public comment speaker is Mr. Jonathan Cooey.
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, please go ahead.
Thank you.
My name is Jonathan Cooey and I have no conflicts of interest.
The ethical principle of informed consent has been effectively ignored for the duration of the pandemic.
The FDA and the CDC long ago failed to meet their responsibility to ensure informed consent in those healthy adults who have been already transfected.
most egregiously in the healthy college students and teens for whom there was never an emergency.
The CDC and FDA failed again just days ago to provide the opportunity for informed consent, this time for parents of children under five, when recommending transfection as safe and effective.
After nearly two years of calling transfection by lipid nanoparticle an investigative vaccine, you have failed to provide informed consent by pushing a false equivalence between transfection
and traditional live attenuated and recombinant vaccines.
You have failed to inform the public that transfection, the expression of a viral protein by injection of synthetic RNA, is a highly variable and tissue dependent process that we are unsure can provoke meaningful immune memory, the goal of any vaccination.
You have failed to notify the public of the potential for autoimmunity while also failing to look for this known downside of this technique.
The FDA have no data to support recommending transfection for any healthy human in 2022.
After more than two years, you have failed to inform the public that you know the studies upon which these recommendations are based are woefully underpowered.
In place of informed consent, you have pushed the vague concepts of safe and effective until they were devoid of meaning.
The studies used to specifically recommend transfection to the under five age group are statistical jokes without clinically meaningful endpoints.
You know, immunobridging to non-inferiority is useless.
Do your job.
Of course, the CDC, NIH, and NIAID also failed to inform the public that they knew late in 2019 that the virus had already several key molecular aspects that indicated both its origin and the many known countermeasures that would be expected to work.
Instead, they said they knew nothing.
They could see nothing unusual and that our immune systems were equally vulnerable and you ran with it.
Data from your own presentations demonstrate the vast majority of kids have been infected, a primary counter indication for the administration of any vaccine before 2020.
You are pushing products under the guise of a regulatory framework that we know by your actions is pro-forma only.
You failed to inform the public that you know from studying influenza and other viruses that the developing immune system is an impossibly complicated process that involves imprinting mechanisms that cannot be reversed.
The catalog of molecular immune memories that protects us for a lifetime has formed through the countless exposures of pathogens in our childhood, and you have failed to inform the public that you know that transfection to a 2020 viral code protein cannot be useful in augmenting this process.
You know it will not meaningfully protect these children because there is a planet worth of data informing you of this.
It's biology.
Please get some and then do your job.
you
down to sea.
We don't even care.
As restless as we are.
We feel the hope in the land of a thousand years.
Born in silence.
Lamented at the show to the lights.
Oh, that's so good
The street heats the urgency of now.
I love you.
you
All right.
I did see that Denny released some great big report.
I hope it reveals something and it doesn't obfuscate anything.
And I don't mean to accuse.
I just mean to say that we've got to keep our ears on the tracks and make sure that we are not led by our noses yet again.
We need to keep our eyes on the telescope, so to speak.
Make sure that we're reporting what we see and what we know for sure.
And we don't follow them on these various discussions that we're now being told the latest shiny object.
I'm very, very concerned about that.
And that's why I really want to focus today on Mondays on meddlers only.
And if we can get there, I think that's a really pretty good place to be.
The rest of the week then we can focus on biology.
I hope that's the way this is going to work out.
There's no doubt that there was no evidence of spread in New York City and I want to see where and what we can see from the new report from Denny.
any indication of spread?
Is there any analysis, a temporal analysis which might talk about or give us any insight into spread or is that not really the case?
Infectious clones are the only real threat is something I still don't hear anyone talking about.
The same with placebo batches.
It's just bad batches and good batches or hot batches and not so hot.
And still no one can use the T words.
No transduction, no transformation, no transfection.
Nobody's talking about it.
They're also not talking about the use of high flow supplemental oxygen to the tune of between 10 and 60 liters a minute.
They're not talking about the limited hangout that is gain of function virology.
They're not talking about how the Scooby Doo, the performance that we're still paying attention to today,
has expanded to not only include virology, but to include a lot of the things that I think we're already arguing about on the news today.
And it becomes this spectacular commitment to asking the wrong questions and arguing very, very vigorously about the answers to those wrong questions.
That's all that's required here.
That's really all that's required.
And like I've explained, the people that are being
given comfort and fame by weaponized piles of money have convinced us to argue about the origins of the novel virus.
And what's really curious right now is that these same people, believe it or not, are now getting us to argue about the number of shooters, the possibility that there are multiple shooters.
And so we are being governed by a theater that has spanned from mainstream media to social media on all platforms, podcasts for a very long time.
And mythology with a big M doesn't just include RNA virology and it hasn't for a very long time.
And some of us have been aware that
You know, there's been a mythology created around Oklahoma City and a mythology created around Las Vegas and Boston and 9-11.
and maybe even about the moon landing, but mythologies about RNA pandemics is something very few people seem willing to question or even entertain, which I find spectacular because now those same people who won't consider the possibility that a national security state has been setting people up like Dezac and Nathan Wolf and Ralph Baric to represent
the illusion of pandemic potential and that that was part of the mythology they're trying to enslave us under.
But they're happy to discuss the idea that there are a number of multiple shooters and that's what they've already moved on to because we've already solved the mystery of the pandemic and what mistakes were made and how we rushed it and the fact that the vaccines, as they won't call them transfections, the transfections are contaminated with double-stranded DNA.
And so the theater has pivoted one step, two steps, three steps, like a dance floor full of people who all know the shuffle that everybody's doing right now.
And anybody that's not doing it is laughed at and said that they have bad motives or they're being paid by some other foreign agency, when in reality, all the people that are saying that are working with foreigners.
And once you see it, even if you need to be shown, once you see it, it's pretty hard not to be upset because this is something that extends itself all the way back to the special cancer virus program and nuclear weapons and nuclear power.
and the illusion of AI, the illusion of the Human Genome Project.
One of the things I think I really nailed in that interview with Dr. Lee Merritt, thank you very much for noticing that that was published.
is that I really nailed the explanation for what they did and didn't accomplish with the Human Genome Project.
I think it's really an important thing for our kids to understand that that was an illusion that was created and even published on the front page of Science and Nature.
an illusion about what was accomplished and how far we'd gotten, an illusion about the resolution of our understanding.
And these charlatans have had power over us for a couple generations now.
That's the issue here.
And if we want to take back the power from these charlatans, we have to recognize more of them than the TV will show us.
More of them than social media will show us.
And that's what I'm trying to do here.
And we're going to dedicate every Monday to these kinds of meddlers as we try to make gentle the life of this world for our kids and dispel the mythologies of
American history, especially recent American history, and how social media and false waves of consensus have been used to make our kids believe that they've become expert surfers, that they understand how the world of the adult works, how adults work, how government works, how public health works, how vaccines work, and these illusions of consensus created by the skilled use of social media
need to be broken by showing our kids how those waves of consensus are created.
That's the goal.
We want to stay focused on the biology while we do it.
We don't want to take the bait on social media even as we try to wean our kids off of it and teach them to love their neighbors again.
Not the imaginary people on social media,
the imaginary people on social media, but the real people in their lives at school and in their families and in their communities.
This is a message American made for America, but also for the rest of the world to see that there is a grassroots movement called the Independent Bright Web that is trying to organize a movement in America that will spread the word
that something else is happening here.
We are being actively undermined by a group of Americans that seems to be traitorously cooperating with people from other Five Eyes countries, other media, and other Five Eyes countries to demoralize America and around the world to destroy
the perception of what America means, what America is, what American culture has brought to the world.
And if we're gonna turn this cruise ship around, you gotta pull your hands down.
You gotta realize that your active participation on social media is what allows this to happen.
And I know it's hard to hear it, but we've got to get off.
I'm trying very hard to get off of X. I don't have much other social media other than our soapbox and our peer tube and this live chat.
So... Informed noncompliance.
That's what we're trying to do.
United, informed, noncompliance.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This is GigaOM Biological.
do
Good morning, everybody.
It's not morning anymore.
Oh my gosh, I started late today.
That's right.
Good afternoon.
It is 1.32 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is Giga Ohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Did I say already that it's the 22nd of July, 2024?
I'm coming to you live from my garage.
As usual, the back door is open.
It may occasionally rain very, very hard, but it's still cool.
And so I want to leave it open.
Ruby doesn't like the front door open because she doesn't like the thunder and stuff, but I just need the breeze.
So if there's some noise back there, I'll try and dim my mic.
I guess I gotta restart this thing.
Oh, no, that's the end indeed.
I am a human just like you.
I'm gonna finish this slide deck and then start the other one here.
We are at a stage now, a very crucial stage where people really need to become aware of
that we can now, in retrospect, I think, really succinctly describe what has happened.
Now, succinctly might still be two hours.
Happy birthday to your late father there, Christy.
Weaponized piles of money have convinced us to argue about the origins of the novel virus.
Participating in the argument accepts the premise of a novel virus.
And we have been governed by this theater for much longer than any of us have ever imagined.
And I really like you to consider what you can see on Twitter
is that almost all of these people in lockstep have decided that the most important thing to discuss now is how many shooters were there.
And none of these people, none of these people are discussing how it might be that a young man in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, who lives just four blocks away from my house, could have been
mentally contorted into carrying a rifle and getting up on that rooftop and purportedly doing what he did.
No one seems to care about that question.
No one seems to wonder if it was Discord, or if it was Twitter, or if it was DMs, or if it was, you know, watching Soph on BitChute.
No one seems to care.
And I find that very extraordinary that the more important thing to talk about is whether or not one bullet came from the water tower or not, or whether that little shadow is actually a dude.
Nobody cares about the kid.
Nobody actually cares about the people that apparently were shot on sight.
And many people have decided that that was their own fault for being on site in the first place.
And so this is just the natural consequence of Trump and following Trump.
Occasionally you might get shot.
Now, the reason why I'm a little bit upset about this, and I am a little bit upset about this, is because the other day, on my day off on Sunday night, I went over to a friend's house and tried to get a little socializing in.
And we played some cards, nothing fancy, just Euchre.
But Euchre is supposed to be one of these games that isn't very high level intellectual engagement, so that you can have side conversations about the music or about whatever you're up to in your life.
At least that's how I understand Euchre.
But in this case, the Euchre was pretty competitive and pretty intellectual and everybody had to talk about what they should have done.
And when it came right down to it, in between things or in between drinks, there was occasionally a conversation which it became very, very clear that everyone there except me,
was wiping the sweat off of their brow because they were sure that if Trump would have actually been killed, that America would be burning down right now.
That Trump supporters would have all gotten all of their guns and loaded all of their clips and gone out on the street and unloaded all of their guns on America.
And the surprise with which I greeted that general, I mean, the agreement just went around the table and around the deck because we were playing outside.
And I find that idea very, very disturbing to me.
I was very shocked.
because I don't think there is any empirical evidence for Trump supporters doing that.
Now, of course, their main thing they're gonna offer is January 6th.
And so there's supposed to be this extreme cognitive disconnect between people that think January 6th was a legitimate threat to our democracy and people who think January 6th was blown way out of proportion for political reasons.
And there's all kinds of evidence to believe that maybe even it was worse than that.
And so this is very, very similar to what they've done with so many other things.
And now here we are in 2024, and the same people that got us to argue very, very vigorously about the origins of the pandemic for a couple years before we had any chance of exercising informed consent.
They are now pushing us not to question the kid that lived four blocks from my house, not to question how it might be that he showed up there with a gun.
Not that he was allowed to do it or anything, but who is he?
Why is he?
And how easily can they use Discord or any of these other social media platforms that none of us can see very well, including Twitter and DMs on Twitter.
How can these platforms be used to find, identify, court, and enable people like that kid?
Is the FBI doing it?
Because apparently they can tell these people who to censor and take things down.
Why can't they also say, hey, look for accounts that fit X, Y, and Z. And when you find them, let us know and we'll put an agent on them.
And we're not talking about that at all.
We're talking about shooters and multiple shooters and they must all work for somebody.
So then the kid just disappears into the nowhere land.
even though we should be most terrified about how they are manipulating people in mass and also individually to do things and to believe things and to ask the wrong questions and to behave the wrong way.
And to what extent can they actually do that?
Is this just another demonstration like them making us all go get toilet paper in February, 2020?
Do you remember that?
Same thing.
We gotta be very, very careful about not asking the questions that they want us to ask with such vigor that we don't realize that we are asking their questions.
That's how we got here, where the mystery virus is killing people because we didn't ask the questions we should have asked.
Instead, we were asking, where did it come from?
And is Fauci lying?
Is Peter Daszak lying?
Who paid for this?
What about Event 201?
Gee, they already knew this was coming.
So the question never got asked.
And that was on the background of a fear, uncertainty, doubt, confusion, on the background of do not resuscitate orders that made even EMTs think, wow, I mean, if this thing is that deadly that they're telling us not to give compressions or not to, wow, that's pretty serious, man.
Can you believe that?
Pulse oximeters were the way that they had to measure people, the way that they had to look at people, because that's all the indication they had.
Pierre Corey even confirmed that, that supplementary oxygen could be used to just use as much as you will, especially because a lot of people won't want to be on ventilators or maybe shouldn't be yet.
And then with high flow supplemental oxygen, you get a progression to ARDS.
That's already a well-published peer-reviewed fact.
And so that's what gets you on ventilators, not just the prerogative that that's the way COVID should be treated to prevent iatrogenic spread.
Well, to spread in hospitals.
Gosh, why did my brain go blank on that?
The use of antibiotics, of course, was greatly discouraged because the COVID protocol would say, and people like Griffin on the TWIV programs would say over and over again for three and a half, maybe even still saying it now, that antibiotics don't work for viral pneumonia.
And so if you test positive or you're suspected of having this new bug,
which will get your administration of your hospital a whole bunch of money, then you're going to go along with that COVID protocol.
Now, poor use of steroids is something completely different because early on in the pandemic, they cleared some hospitals by giving people dexamethasone and getting them out of the ICU, getting them out of
getting beds free under the pretense that there was gonna be a coming crisis.
But what that did was that shifted a bunch of old people back to their care homes where their secondary pneumonias and other like urinary tract infections wouldn't be treated fast enough because their immune system would have been hammered down as Robert Malone.
And he said it in an interview to Paul Cottrell, friend and colleague of George Webb in 2021, that this was killing people.
They were killing people with dexamethasone.
So remdesivir and midazolam, yes, they probably contributed to this, but these were like shiny objects that they hung in front of us.
Number one, because in the UK, they were already euthanizing old people.
And then they did more of that during the pandemic.
That's one of the creepy things that people like,
like Claire Craig are actually covering up and even that guy Campbell on on YouTube are actually kind of stepping around that because of course all the doctors that I've spoken to that are speaking freely about it the first thing they say is that well we we that's already built into NHS that they would euthanize people when they were that old or when they were that that burdensome or they you know were vegetables or whatever in between
It's not that dissimilar to the Netherlands.
And so you're looking at a situation where they made a mountain out of a molehill in places where they could, and then they made a mountain out of a molehill with remdesivir to try and distract you from how they got most people there to begin with.
How they got the in-hospital progression was simply supplementary oxygen, which was something that any hospital could do, any hospital could order, and many of them probably did.
And we could look into it if anybody gave a darn.
Opioid deaths, of course, have been just misconstrued as further evidence of COVID because the life expectancy of our middle-aged and young adults has gone down, and it has gone down because of the opioid crisis.
But they will misconstrue that as being a result of COVID, when we know that the average age of death in places where it was accurately reported was even
even older than expected age of death in those populations like Scotland or Ireland or something like that.
So death certificate fraud occurred in America, number one, that elevates the total number of COVID cases.
But number two, it was because of financial incentives to do so.
So the more COVID deaths you had, the more money you made as hospitals.
And since a lot of hospitals in America are administrated by essentially as a business, then this was basically a huge giveaway.
And the administration in these hospitals, number one, sent the very old
and independent doctors and attending doctors home, right?
Because, you know, you're old and you're going to be very vulnerable to this virus.
And so they handed over these departments to their residents and these residents then absolutely positively followed the orders of their administrators.
And so therefore they got the illusion that they needed.
And then that was further exacerbated by these track and trace companies, by the debates about masks, the debates about closures and mandates, and the idea that PCR is detecting something that wasn't already there.
The idea that lateral flow tests are detecting something that wasn't already there.
And the idea that this sequencing is detecting something that wasn't already there.
All of these things are likely illusions.
That really has not been addressed, even if the bottom one is an illusion, because they have been already there, which is the most parsimonious explanation for it.
They had more than 10 years since the last supposed SARS pandemic.
They had 10 years to characterize the background and then roll out that data as if it was 16 million sequences of brand new viruses.
So they have zero epidemiological evidence of spread.
The best case scenario is that a lot of projected Medicare costs that everybody was worried about for the last 10 years have been luckily avoided.
And the really weird thing is, is that none of the lawyers that are involved in this, none of the pundits that are involved in this that are talking about legal strategies are ever succinctly using the words strict and liability together as one concept.
They're not using the words jurisdiction and stripping together as one concept.
And so they are also, by that same reasoning, not using the three words Seventh Amendment violation together to mean one idea.
And it's really curious to me as to why.
The only answer I've ever gotten was in a private, unrecorded Zoom meeting with Aaron Seery, where I was able to ask him about the Seventh Amendment.
He said it wasn't the right time and had no other explanation other than it wasn't the right time.
These people, for whatever reason, are lying to us in order to make sure that the vast majority of people in TV land, the vast majority of skilled social media users accept that transfection in healthy humans was rushed, but it worked.
and that they continue to fear free-range RNA and continue to believe that free-range RNA, if it has the right combination of... I mean, if you're sophisticated enough like Charles Rixey is to know that it's the fear and cleavage site that makes it so...
the most infectious virus ever in the history of the world.
And if you're sophisticated enough like Andrew Huff to know that gain of function can push a virus hundreds of thousands of years forward in evolution, then you fit right in with this.
The reality is that these people know this isn't true, but they work to sustain this illusion because they are a team of charlatans.
It's a national security state.
It's a national security state that likely already started to exist around 9-11.
And the anthrax stuff.
When Joe Biden was really vocal about that while he was still in the Senate.
His son intimately connected with metabiota in Ukraine, as is his family connected in Ukraine.
But nobody wants to talk about that.
Not even these people.
Which is quite curious, right?
Because metabiota could be seen as just a bunch of rented office space that was in the early part of the pandemic distorted as, oh my gosh, look at America did it.
They have like all these, they have all these bioweapons labs in America.
I mean, in Ukraine.
That's why Russia was going in, remember?
These people are part of the same illusion.
It didn't, this is not true.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
So what I argued, and I believe I came up with this independently, but I believe Peter McCullough has mentioned something similar, as has Jonathan Cooey.
vaccine, if you think about it.
You know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
So they have the right words, and they've known the right words for many years.
That's why I also played that 2022 ACIP meeting statement from me.
Because I haven't always been here.
At that point in time, I still was thinking about background SARS viruses and accepting the viral, the notion of a virus and the notion of the infectious cycle and this kind of thing.
Because I still hadn't been challenged by Bobby to tell him or teach him what infectious clones were.
but I had a lot of it nailed.
And I've shown you the video before from me in July of 2020, where I also had it nailed.
There's no explanation why all of these people have taken selfies with me, claim to watch my show, haven't become supporters, haven't subscribed, haven't shared with anyone, never tweeted about it.
The reason why is because they're all part of the same team.
They're all part of this little,
this little crew that seems to orbit around Robert Malone, Team Robert Malone.
That's why you're starting to see that it's becoming obvious that they created this illusion of consensus about a laboratory or a Batcave virus.
And I got sucked into it like everybody else did.
That's why right now Kevin McKernan has no problems retweeting Charles Rixey about Metobiota and EcoHealth Alliance, about Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak being two very rascally virologists who are probably responsible for this mess.
That's why you see, you know, Jessica Rose and Claire Craig are just the same people.
Two foreigners meddling in the United States, meddling in the UK to bring down both systems.
And Jessica Rose is a virologist.
Claire Craig is part of a 100,000 Genomes Project where, of course, you know it.
and a diagnostic clinician or a diagnostic pathologist or something like this.
I mean, there is no explanation for this other than the Heart Group and their co-chairs, Jonathan Engler and Claire Craig being absolute meddlers.
I don't know if they're also traitors to the UK or if they're part of a Five Eyes coordinated operation that is traitorous to America.
But I do know that none of these people are concerned about America being undermined from within by these globalist traitors.
None of them are worried about a possible communist infiltration of the American government and the dissonant movement in America or the alternative political movement.
No one's worried about that at all.
And Pierre Kory and Charles Rixey are also pretty much equal.
They agree on everything.
I mean, that's what you see here.
They all created this illusion.
And if you start with 2020 and you look at what they were doing in 2020, and you see what they were doing, it becomes very obvious what's going on here.
So pay attention very carefully.
In 2020, see my arrow?
In 2020, Jessica Rose wrote a paper with Peter McCullough about
about myocarditis, I believe.
And maybe that was later.
So Jessica Rose is coming out about VAERS, right?
So where's Jessica Rose in 2020?
Find out.
Find out where Jessica Rose is in 2020 and report back to me.
Kevin McKernan is writing a paper with Claire Craig and Thomas Binder and Michael Yeadon, among others,
about the PCR primers and methodologies being proposed by the WHO in February of 2020.
And it's such an important paper for history that the website that held that paper, the website that they themselves
you know, actually reserved the webpage for and the URL for has since expired.
But you can find a copy of the rebuttal or a denim to the paper still on Researchgate.
So it's almost like these people aren't really interested in having that become a part of history, even though at the time that was supposed to be a group of dissidents speaking out and speaking out fast.
And what I think it was, was Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan, that's right, an American working with someone from another Five Eyes country, working to wrangle some people together to make sure that they had connections, that they respected each other, that they were in a loop here.
Pierre Cory is soon to be rushing into New York City, but not before May.
I don't know what Andrew Huff is doing right now.
I think this guy, Rixey, is coming back from Europe and one of the first infected.
Same with McCairn.
McCairn is one of the first infected.
And Brett Weinstein very, very early on is just like masks and social distancing and bushmeat and bandanas and glasses.
And then, of course, we have Peter McCullough and
And Ryan Cole speaking out pretty early about natural immunity, speaking out pretty early about hydroxychloroquine.
So now if we move forward to 2021, because that's how far we have to move, and before anything significant really happens.
Where am I?
Sorry.
We see Brett Weinstein come out with Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone on his podcast in June of 2021.
That's also the same month when Naomi Wolf decided to do something.
It's a lot of people between
like let's say May and June started to speak out.
And May was when I put out my review.
May 2021 was when I put out my review, which is now a Scooby link on my website, where I say that transfection has to be stopped.
paused is what I say.
So if we move all these people forward, it's interesting to see that some people's roles become bigger and some people become completely marginalized.
So Mike Eden, after speaking in front of parliament, and Thomas Binder, after getting put in a mental institution for a little while, nobody talks about them anymore.
And instead, Pierre Cory is rising almost as fast
as Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch because he follows up with with Brett Brett goes on Rogan.
Pierre Cory goes on Rogan and Robert Malone starts to just, you know, carpet bomb on on podcasts and he's rehearsing in 2021.
So he's going on podcasts like Paul Cottrell's podcast, like three different times.
He's doing podcasts like Shannon Joy and Alison Morrow and
And all of these basically network underneath the network that is the intellectual dark web, that is the weaponized piles of money, funded, front-facing, programmed in stars of the Internet.
now at the same time you see the heart group rising you see the no virus people being continually opposed by by mccairn and other people like these are the bad guys everybody agrees but they won't talk to anybody that won't first say no i don't believe in viruses then they'll talk to you
And so that's why in 2021, they're really only talking to crazy people, you know, people that believe that you can freeze emotions in water and the shapes that result are reflective of that emotion, etc.
I think in 2021 is also when
when Andrew Huff and Robert Malone do their famous podcast together where they're going good copy and over and this kind of thing, talking like they're both in military speak.
At the same time, remember that Kevin McKernan has already been busy for a whole year.
We showed just three podcasts with the same guy, April, May, and December.
And in the meantime,
Ryan Cole and Peter McCullough are kind of falling behind, and no one's really speaking to them anymore, which is kind of interesting.
And as we move all the way to 2024, we see a very, very different picture, right?
Where Andrew Huff is almost irrelevant,
where the no virus people with the exception of Andy Kaufman are still largely being ignored.
Steve Kirsch, he's got a foundation, he's got a monthly show.
Robert Malone is still doing between four and nine podcasts a day on top of the emus and the horses and the 20 pages of Substack every day.
Brett Weinstein is getting between 10,000 and 30,000 new followers a week.
Kevin McKernan is already, all of them have all spoken in front of the Senate.
I mean, not Claire Craig, but Claire Craig has a half a million followers on Twitter and has videos on YouTube from 2020 and 2021.
So it's weird, like I guess she wasn't saying too many controversial things.
And Pierre Kory is, you know, still just a hero.
And like many of these others has been around the world and been in hot tub photos and shoe photographs in various places where the narrative is curated.
And we still don't hear anything from Thomas Binder or Mike Eden.
And so I think this is, what I'm saying is that these people seem to be organized loosely around Robert Malone and the narrative that Robert Malone has basically curated.
A narrative about gain of function viruses, a narrative about a series of technologies that may or may not be suitable for humans at this time, but if not now, it's only a question of when.
That's what this is.
And we need to fear free range RNA molecules because Robert Malone explained it numerous times.
He won't have to look far that even a biology bachelor student in their garage with the right knowledge can easily purchase the equipment on eBay and make a gain of function virus in their garage.
That's what he has said many times.
And this is the illusion that he is there
to perpetuate.
He is there to coerce us as adults into teaching that to our children, to coming to the inevitable conclusion that it was indeed a gain-of-function virus.
The gain-of-function viruses are real, and if they have a fear and cleavage site and a few HIV inserts, look out.
And the reason why you can know that this guy is part of this biosecurity state and has been for 20 years is because in 2021, he told us he was DITRA and DOD.
And how did he get to DITRA and DOD?
Well, he worked on retroviruses when retroviruses were discovered, when they were defined.
In the defining years of retroviruses, he worked on packaging sequences, which sounds a lot like top secret biology to me.
He suffered PTSD for being so ethically superior to those around him as they stole his ideas, including that of genetic vaccination.
But despite these letdowns and these challenges, he ended up becoming a guy who's worked for DITRA, DOD, the WHO.
He's been a private contractor and he sat on the head of NIH study sections, which is a huge deal.
And so I won't touch Judy Mikovits because they came from the same narrative curation stream, the same mentor stream.
He probably knows exactly what happened to Judy Mikovits and what didn't happen to Judy Mikovits.
He knows exactly the story that we're not told.
I'm sure he does.
That's why they're only in music videos together.
They never did a stream or something like that.
He worked with Gert at Solvay for a little while, and they did a coronavirus movie where they're up in the mountains of Spain.
If you haven't seen it, you should really see it.
I think Robert is even wearing like a beret in that movie, which is pretty funny.
And if you need more, please go to houstatonicits.com, where you can find information on all of these people.
And you can find information on the,
If you go to the top of this page, there's a little calendar.
And then if you click on the calendar, you can find a link to the Swedish conference that I'm going to mention.
So just to go back, I want to make the argument that I think that Robert Malone is more or less at the center of a little network of liars.
A little network of liars that either works for a weaponized pile of money or a company like Palantir.
or a company like, I don't know what, privately contracted to make sure that the Scooby-Doo mystery of the laboratory gain of function virus was never questioned, but only solved in the timeframe that was necessary for the national security operation that we are all being subjected to.
And in so doing, that's why he's primarily responsible for who Senator Ron Johnson put in front of his own investigative committee and why I wasn't there.
And what you're going to see here in this video is Robert Malone doing his shtick, which is
to pretend that that Sasha Latupova is antagonizing him and antagonizes people and she's a bad actor and so we should pay attention to her if we want to see what he's been subjected to for the last three years.
Now, he will say that, that he has been subjected to her daily abuse for the last three years.
Listen carefully, and I will put up simultaneously the Twitter abuse that someone sent me from just a single day.
on Twitter from Sasha with regard to me, I guess, pursuing or stalking her daughter, which is not what I'm doing.
I want to be very clear about this.
I am making the accusation that Sasha Latupova is a liar.
And I'm making the accusation that I think her daughter and the, let's say, circumstantial evidence of the character or caricature that her daughter was made to play on the internet before the pandemic
that culminated in her being promoted on Alex Jones, his reason to believe that Sasha Latupova is part of this traitorous network that I'm loosely saying Robert Malone is near the top of, at least near the top of the public facing
portion of this network.
What you're going to see here is about two, maybe a month ago, Robert Malone tried to pretend that Sasha Latupova is a bad guy, and of course she's not.
She's part of this little network of meddlers.
Probably not meant to be where she is right now, but she is there right now, and largely because of me, I think.
That's the reason why you have to have someone like her With a sub stack where she plays dr. Giordano, but then says it's a toxin So, let's listen to this and see what you get from it, um, i'll go back over here to the corner Um speak i muted you before uh, thank you for coming on sir Hello, mr. Sanchez, I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of pova right before the uh,
Um, segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
Um, I, I, I, uh, you know, if you're going to cite things that you've asserted that I've said, please cite where you got that information and provide context.
Sure.
I was, I was citing the comment from her letter, her open letter.
Um, and the video that she has been extremely rude to me.
attacked me multiple times.
Many people note the language she's used is way, way over the top.
So let's just have a little bit of context and take a deep breath.
I'm subjected to harassment by her and her colleagues on a daily basis and have been for at least three years now.
So I have been for at least three years now.
That's in 2024.
Let me just make sure I'm in focus here.
Somehow I have the feeling I'm not in focus.
Let me just, let me just see to make sure.
I don't know what accent that was.
Will you please focus on the chair, you demon.
So, um,
Three years is a long time, right?
We're in 2024.
So if he's been subject to at least daily for at least three years now, I guess that goes back to 2021.
So it'd be really strange if in January of 2023, he was on stage next to her in Sweden, wouldn't it?
Wouldn't it be weird if he says that he's been harassed by her for the last three years now?
and the language that she uses, and you know, I've been subjected to this for so long.
I wonder, so what is this?
Welcome to this panel discussion, first session, and we've had some incredible speakers on stage, and I think you all
raised your concerns about crimes against humanity.
We talked about corruption, bypassing rules and laws in for warfare, violent biological weapons.
So I think my first question to you will be, what's our way out of this?
And I know you're all covering very different areas.
What are the lessons learned and how do we hold our government and authority accountable?
I can start with you, Asim.
It's a great question to start with.
I think this will resonate with everybody.
I think most of the people here, actually, and the speakers have been on this journey.
I will talk from a broader conceptual strategy that I think about when I'm involved in these sorts of skirmishes.
First and foremost, I think everybody here are people that are very adherent to ethics and values.
And I think that is something intrinsic in most human beings.
I'm not maybe as cynical as some people in the sense that I think that even people like the likes of Bill Gates, et cetera, I think they are clouded in ignorance.
I actually don't think they're malicious.
I think they're ignorant.
And I think that they engage in, you know, even for self-interested purposes, they are ultimately doing damage to people.
And it will come back to them, even if you look from the ignorance from that point of view.
But for me, it's about making the injustice visible.
We have a gross injustice going on in the world right now.
And it was, you know, who inspired me in this journey?
And one of my inspirations was Mahatma Gandhi.
And he, you know, got essentially single-handedly took on the British Empire by non-violent
Um, make sure you understand that, uh, he didn't speak out and save anybody until his dad died of the shot.
Um, so yeah, he's speaking out, but the way that he's risen to prominence is ridiculous.
Um,
It's just ridiculous because he has not and did not speak out about the actual narrative itself, which he still won't speak out.
I was going to get on my phone and show you I have a picture, a selfie with him, but I'm sure you've seen it before.
Let's keep going.
I hope I can.
Oh, I see what I did.
So that should work.
Resistance, right?
It was adopted by Mandela, ultimately.
It was adopted by Martin Luther King.
And it's very, very powerful to do that.
So the key is making the injustice visible.
Yes, one of our platforms where we would normally be able to make injustice visible, the mainstream media, has been more captured than ever, and that's been a challenge.
but the social movement is growing and I think we just have to just keep going on speaking the truth, looking after each other, and I actually think we're on the path.
We are on that path to overcoming this corporate tyranny, if you like.
Thank you, Asif.
How are we on the path?
What path are we on?
He hasn't defined the path.
None of these people are defining the path.
We just have to do it together.
Americans and Swedish and UK people, we're all in the same trap.
We just gotta, first we have to just, you know, exchange emails and then we'll do other stuff.
Anyone else wants to add to that?
Sasha?
My mic is on.
Well, so as far as how to hold the governments accountable, it's very, very difficult.
As I have outlined here, at least in the US, they made an atrocity legal on paper.
You can never legalize a crime, but they did.
And they think that they're going to get away with it.
And I think it's important to try any strategy that anybody wishes to try.
And so go after the pharma manufacturers, go after your local health authorities, state authorities.
Try every strategy that you can think of or any lawyer can outline.
Ultimately, my colleague Catherine has recommended the following overarching strategy, at least in the U.S.
We have to force admissions like Pfizer did in court.
We need to have them repeated over and over and over again so that everybody can hear them.
Ultimately, we need to have U.S.
Department of Justice go to court on record stating either of two things.
The genocide is an official US government policy and nobody did anything wrong.
Or those were rogue actors and throw them under the bus.
So what's the genocide?
Is the genocide the shot or is the genocide the virus?
Do you know?
Can you hear it from this?
They're just starting the panel right now.
You didn't miss anything.
So what are they talking about?
Is genocide the virus or is genocide the shot?
I think she means the shot, which is curious because again, if you're going to take them to court, then you're going to be interpreting the prep act.
And then, you know, there's no.
you're back to jurisdiction stripping and strict liability, which she won't say, she can't say, and none of the, who are the lawyers?
Not her.
She's just a retired pharma exec who likes a lot of wine, I guess, and likes to go to the shooting range with her daughter.
That's it.
It's a very curious place we're in when Robert Malone says that this woman has been harassing him for three years now,
but they were on stage in Sweden last year, albeit at the very start of 2023, they were on stage together.
That means they traveled together.
They might've had breakfast.
There might've been a dinner.
What do you think that they just all met at the venue?
I mean, I saw Dr. Lee Merritt at the hotel bar when we were at,
at the Red Pill.
It's just that she was surrounded by people and I was hanging out with a few people, but we were there.
We could have hung out.
The possibility that these people went to Sweden and didn't hang out together, nevermind, oh, she stabbed me in the back.
Oh, she's bad guy for three years.
Three years?
Do you not know how long three years is?
Robert Malone is a liar.
And he's lying about Sasha Latapova, who you can, through the inference of her daughter and her daughter's rise to prominence through Alex Jones, you can infer that she is also a liar.
And they are all on the same team.
That's why they go to Sweden together.
Thank you, Sasha.
And I was just thinking about that great example with Rebel News, you know, and actually... Ultimately, we need to have U.S.
Department of Justice go to court on record stating either of two things.
the genocide is an official U.S.
government policy and nobody did anything wrong, or those were rogue actors and throw them under the bus.
Thank you, Sasha.
And I was just thinking about that great example with Rebel News, you know, and actually people I spoke to are solely about this during break, but actually people starting to take action and go after them in public, which is something we need to start doing as media as well, including myself and everyone else in this room who is media.
Robert, do you now understand that just recently Sasha interviewed with Peter and Ginger Bregan?
Peter and Ginger Bregan were the people that were supposedly sued by Robert Malone.
So what I'm suggesting to you is that right now in my model, Peter and Ginger Bregan may have been sued by Robert Malone to keep them quiet, may have been, but Peter and Ginger Bregan just interviewed Sasha like three days ago.
So that could be part of this elaborate, you know, ooh, Sasha's a bad guy and she's interviewing with the people that I was suing for $25 million.
So obviously she's a bad guy, right?
The same people that interviewed Karen Kingston instead of Mark Kulak.
The same people that wouldn't interview me.
So I'm sorry to say it, ladies and gentlemen, but it is very visible now, if you just look back,
and bring things into focus, you can see that all of these people have been meddling with us consistently for several years now, and they've coordinatedly done it.
And that meddling puts these people against each other, and they play a role that supersedes the role of anybody who is legitimately trying to do something that might save our children from this mess.
And so it's possible, still in the remote possibility that Peter and Ginger Bregan are good guys trying to do a good thing.
But since they interviewed Sasha, I don't see it anymore.
I don't think it's really possible.
Because remember, Sasha was also heavily promoted by CHD.
an interview with Polly and Meryl and two hours, two separate hours with Bobby in 2023.
Also on stage with Robert Malone in 2023.
This is part of the narrative curation team that can be loosely called Team Robert Malone that includes Meryl Nass there sitting next to Robert.
Now listen carefully to what Robert Malone says on stage with Sasha Latupova.
Listen carefully because the words are
They are damning.
Can I continue?
So first off, we have to keep speaking.
Despite all of the arrayed forces against us that seek to silence us, we must keep speaking.
As pointed out, we must avoid violence.
We must avoid the use of violent speech.
violent speech alone will be weaponized against us.
It will be used as a justification for even harsher totalitarian measures against us.
Unfortunately,
Let me phrase it this way.
The Twitter files have, together with the two Attorney General's lawsuits, have clearly demonstrated that there is collusion from the lowest to the highest levels in the U.S.
government to circumvent the U.S.
Constitution in the form of the First Amendment.
So they're circumventing the Constitution in the form of the First Amendment, and the First Amendment doesn't apply to social media platforms.
So he's already full of shit.
And even if it does, it's not the argument that we should be making in 2022, right?
That's not informed consent.
He's saying that control of freedom of speech prevents informed consent, but then that actually doesn't say the words informed consent.
And in fact, a lot of what CHD does is about freedom of speech.
You know, we just want to be able to talk about these things.
That's why they never actually say that the vaccine schedule in America is wholly criminal.
None of them will.
Meryl Nass is in Sweden right now.
Imagine how cool it would be for her to say, you know, I come from a country that just look at our vaccine schedule and compare it to your own and you'll see why we're terrified.
Does she say that?
You know how easy it would be for her to say that in Sweden and have everyone in Sweden go on their phone and look and say, how many shots have you given your kid before six months?
In Sweden, while we tend to try to give our kids between 12 and 24 shots before six months of age, the whole room would have gone.
She's not gonna do that.
I'm not even gonna play what Meryl says.
I just want you to pay attention to what Robert says.
And I'm perplexed.
I'm not aware of any remedy that we can use, even in the courts, to really overcome that.
The only remedy structured in the United States, which for better or worse, still serves as the,
organizational leadership hub for NATO and the Western world, is impeachment.
And impeachment cannot happen under the current environment.
There may be some possibility of impeaching, for instance, the Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security, but other than that, there's nothing.
Our only recourse is the courts, as was pointed out.
And the courts are a little sketchy in the United States, even the Supreme Court right now, in terms of there's a lot of division and tension within those.
There are movements to fundamentally restructure the relationship between the legislator and what we call the administrative state.
People may not appreciate here in Europe
that the United States government is largely run by the Senior Executive Service, which is a small cohort of a few thousand individuals that cannot be fired.
They're completely immune from any executive action.
A thousand individuals are largely run by the Senior Executive Service, which is a small cohort of a few thousand individuals that cannot be fired.
And just like if any of you watch the old British sitcom, Yes Minister, it puts a happy face on a very ugly truth.
These permanent employees run the government.
I cannot verify this.
I have several friends that work in government and
And they're low-level people, so they're not, I don't, I trust them.
They've only, only ever helped me.
And they say that the senior executive service is a pretty limited thing.
um you don't have a permanent job as a as a senior executive service member and uh that was i'm unable to confirm that they they seem to say that these people are exactly that they they are stuck in um and and that's not true and so if george webb was pushing that um then then you have a really big deal here right because we also asked um
is his last name, Kurekawa.
We also asked him about Kiriaku.
We asked him about the senior executive service.
And he also said that was a nothing burger.
So it's very curious now to actually see an illusion of consensus being created in real time on stage where someone like a retired pharma executive
who is the mom of a likely militarized teen, Soph, nodding very vigorously when he mentioned senior executive service.
It's pretty comical to me at this stage.
And these permanent employees that run the government, 1,000 individuals that cannot be fired.
They're completely immune from any executive action.
And just like if any of you watched the old British sitcom, Yes Minister.
It puts a happy face on a very ugly truth.
These permanent employees run the government.
And these permanent employees that run the government in the United States have created horizontal and vertical alliances with corporations and multinational organizations.
It's just the way things are.
I'm less sanguine about the short term.
I'm of the opinion that we are now confronting an exemplar of what has been ongoing decades of planning.
for a centralized world government, and calling it a government is a misnomer.
It's a public-private partnership fusion that meets Mussolini's criteria.
I'll just leave it at that.
So you don't think that he's in on the private-public partnership when he's been giving
facilitating that private-public partnership for his whole career, facilitating and brokering vaccine technologies between one private to another public and public and private, exactly the same thing that Kevin McKernan has one foot in the public and one foot in the private.
That's how he took his IP out of the Human Genome Project and made multi-generational wealth.
It's the same way that he finds himself with a horse farm at the foot of the Shenandoah Mountains.
with horses that he sells for $30,000 a foal or something like this, with emus, building barns and stuff like that.
This guy has what he has because he has been a broker between this public-private partnership that now he's pretending to blow the whistle on.
What he's doing is giving no one a ladder.
It's like a ladder that's not attached to anything.
So every time you see Robert Malone, you're like, oh, thanks dude.
And he goes until the ladder ends.
And then he gets on his plane and goes back home.
He goes to his next thing and he lowers the ladder and everybody in the audience gets going and go, oh, we're going to climb this ladder.
And it's going nowhere except for this place right here.
And it's unelected.
It represents the largest corporations in the world in their financial interests.
And it's unaccountable.
We're seeing it.
Can't do anything.
You're helpless.
In the winter and China in the summer.
I think that we are likely to be forced into a situation in which, for many of us, we're forced to build new, almost underground structures of affiliations and alliances and rebuild a different structure.
I really, I don't, to be perfectly honest,
The depth of the corruption that has been revealed is such that I don't see how those agencies can be rebuilt, and I don't see how we have the time and resources
to build parallel agencies to a point that they'll be functional, that we could then eliminate the existing ones.
I'm really quite dark in this, and our only hope really truly is that all of you join us as we walk together and resist this.
It will be a generational
And I think that personally, the only way to take it on is to focus on the children and proceed on that basis, recognizing that we have an opportunity, as Chris Langen points out, to fulfill the potential of humanity.
And that may be the greatest gift of this moment in time is to transcend the organizational structures and imperatives that we've lived under for thousands of years and move to a different way of organizing humankind in which we can fulfill our potential.
But it's not going to be easy.
No, definitely not.
Thank you, Robert.
It's not going to be easy, but boy, I hope we can fulfill our potential.
Maybe we can throw off these systems we've had for thousands of years and reorganize in such a way so that we can fulfill our potential.
One of the ways that we might reorganize is the way we think about ourselves, the way we think about our sovereignty over our bodies, the sovereignty over our children, the sacredness of our biology, the irreducible complexity that is a perfect baby.
And rather than trying to misconstrue the curing of a genetic defect with the augmentation of healthy humans, or even trying to equivocate the two morally or ethically, is already dumbfounding to the population.
But this kind of nonsense, where he says it out loud, what does he mean there?
What can he otherwise mean?
other than if we're going to fulfill our potential, which I believe he thinks as a futurist, if we're going to learn how to genetically alter human beings, we're going to need to change the way we think about ourselves.
We're going to have to change the systems that we use to govern ourselves.
We're going to have to change the way we think about our role in our own governance.
That's what this is.
That's to me what this is.
And so this has been continuing.
We have Claire Craig, of course, being on that original paper about the PCR test and the original network.
She's probably part of this network just the same way that Malik is.
It's a five eyes network.
I think that the UK may also need taking down a peg.
That's why
the immigration there is really catching on and getting to be quite harsh.
And over here, the same thing is happening.
It may be that the UK and the United States are the two places that need to be turned into more like Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
And so although
the UK has far fewer of our codified freedoms, the UK may still have a level of nationalism that's going to require a slapdown that isn't required in a place like Australia, New Zealand, or Canada, where they've pretty much already submitted to the ideology.
Here again, I just wanted to remind you that this woman was part of a clinical data, pathology data in the cancer arm of the 100,000 Genomes Project.
And she's also worked with AI on cancer diagnostics.
So this is a person who's intimately integrated into this futurist idea.
of how AI is going to revolutionize medicine and how a genetic sampling of everybody and everything will allow us to revolutionize medicine with AI.
So I got tangled up with people from Panda and from Heart because of the friendship that I developed with a person by the name of Jessica Hockett who's now blocked me.
The last conversation that I had with her was actually a voicemail message that I played on my stream, which is very nice and very sweet, talking very encouragingly about the video that resulted from our talking to the staff members of Senator Ron Johnson.
And after that video was released, Jessica Hockett basically disappeared from social media, at least from Twitter.
And this is why, because she was the one who was encouraging me to write something
with Jonathan Engler and Professor Neal, and I did try to write something that was aimed at rebutting the claims and exaggerations of Kevin McKernan.
but they didn't help me write that at all.
And in fact, they ignored that for a few weeks before I decided to stop writing with them.
And instead they produced this document on their own and then gave it to me to review a week before they released it.
And I told them that this is the review that I would have written if I would have written one in 2020.
This isn't the review that the world needs.
And then they proceeded also to basically burn the bridge between us.
Now, the reason why this is important is because Panda and Heart
and the UK, and they've all been connected.
Now, one of the early connections that really struck me as, this is wrong, was when Marc Giraudeau appeared on John Campbell's YouTube program and talked about the bolus problem of injection and how it could explain
virtually everything as one giant mistake where we were sometimes making the mistake of assuming that a bolus injection in the muscle would not occasionally go into a vein.
And this is an extraordinary, and I mean extraordinary statement that he says explains everything from autism to neurological disorders like Alzheimer's disease.
And so just a quick recap,
Um, this is also a guy who spends, um, his time in Panda.
And so this is, that's the rain outside.
I hope that doesn't bother you.
Uh, this guy spent a lot of his time in Panda and a lot of his time arguing with me in Panda before I finally got out of there.
And yet here he was, here he is being very, very, very vigorously promoted by none other than John Campbell, who didn't save a gosh darn person.
Did not save a gosh darn person.
And that's why he remained on YouTube and remains on YouTube and is still on YouTube.
And that's why this is on YouTube.
Paris.
So, Mark, welcome.
You are most welcome to this video.
And viewers with a long memory might remember we talked to Mark Jeudeau from Paris.
So, Mark, welcome and thank you for coming back.
Thanks for hosting me again.
I'm really happy to be here.
Now, we're examining your book, which we... So, he was on twice.
Now he's on to promote his book.
So many of these people have a book.
Claire Craig has a book.
Pierre Cory has a book.
Jessica Rose has a couple books that she's part of.
Whitney Webb has two books.
Matthew Ered has six books, including the one with his wife.
Robert Malone's gonna have three books by September.
It's impressive, right?
And so here he is, second time on John Campbell's show in 2023, promoting his book this time.
Here we go.
can see on the screen at the moment, The Needle's Secrets.
And I wanted to get this on because the amount of work you've put into this book is really quite impressive, and especially considering you're writing in English.
And thank you for doing this interview in English, by the way, because it's not your first language.
So we appreciate that.
But it really is quite an impressive piece of scholarship.
Just give us an overall.
People need to decide if they want to watch this interview or not.
So what's this about?
This is about the biggest industrial accident in the history of the world, basically.
It's basically a collective dystopia.
We didn't see that we've been harming people for decades.
See, he was going to pause right there because that's it.
That's the elevator pitch.
It is a industrial level disaster, industrial disaster.
It's a catastrophe really because we just have been silly about intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system was dumb because you got to be careful.
You got to make sure you aspirate so that you're not injecting in a vein.
That's actually the argument that he's making, that all of these problems would go away.
All of them, all the damage from COVID, the only reason why we know this now is because we gave so many injections.
Before that, the only people who knew this reality were bodybuilders.
And this is just as silly as Joe Lee's argument that antibodies for the spike protein can link up like a chain.
with spike protein and other antibodies and then you get these chains of things that cause the clotting and explain autism and the other vaccines work the same way.
That's actually what Joe Lee says right now.
And so these two guys have an all explanation, a one-stop explanation for everything pre and post COVID.
This guy does, and also Joe Lee does.
And this guy had the benefit of being promoted by John Campbell twice.
That's extraordinary.
Member of Panda.
And also, curiously enough, a member of
Steve Kirsch's steering committee.
So now, now we have, now we had another crossover this week, um, with, uh, with John Campbell and, uh, that crossover was, um,
that crossover was Claire Craig, of course.
Claire Craig being the head of heart, somebody who argued that testing is a lot like restaurants.
You know, you can have it fast and you can have it good, but then it's gotta be expensive, or you can have it cheap and fast, but then it won't be very good.
Or you can have it cheap and good, but then it won't be fast.
And so testing is a trade-off.
And now here she is promoting what is called the Hope Accord that she has organized with none other than trader extraordinaire Brett Weinstein and promoting it on John Campbell's webpage on YouTube.
Come on.
Listen to this.
They want to pause RNA technology in 2024.
Jay said to do that in 21 and Brett knows it.
And all of them know it.
Bobby Kennedy knows it.
Peter McCullough knows it.
Ryan Cole knows it.
Pierre Corey knows it.
Meryl Nass knows it.
Mark Kulak knows it.
Kevin McCairn knows it.
Charles Rixey knows it.
Richard Ebright probably knows it.
They all know it.
And so to just say, yeah, I think we're gonna go out on a limb here and we're gonna do something that somebody should have done a little while ago and say that we're not gonna use these mRNAs anymore.
They didn't save anyone.
Claire Craig didn't save anybody.
Claire Craig didn't stop the panic.
Claire Craig didn't stop the confusion.
Claire Craig didn't save anybody from euthanasia.
And neither did this guy.
But they are rising.
They are the narrative.
The alternative narrative is finally crossing back to John frickin' Campbell.
Basically, I think we're calling for a monitorium on mRNA technology until we know what the heck is going on here.
Yes, and that's a nice segue to talk about the Hope Accord just briefly.
It is indeed, which I happen to have in front of me.
So the hopercord, I know you've already talked to your viewers about it.
Should we just go through the main sections, Claire, if you don't mind?
Yeah, of course.
So the hopercord is a declaration which just covers four really simple points.
The first, that these mRNA products should be suspended because there's every signal that you need to cause suspension.
So she's not calling them transfection.
These mRNA products should be suspended for no reason.
Why?
Maybe because they're contaminated, right?
Maybe because they didn't update the spike protein to the right one, right?
They're not saying why.
The suspension in a normal situation.
The second is that there needs to be a thorough investigation of everything that's gone on and an independent one of that.
What does that mean, everything that's gone on with regard to the injections or also the murder?
that was misconstrued as a ongoing pandemic, because that's what I want to investigate.
I want to investigate what portion of it was fraud and what portion of it was murder, and I want justice for the murder, because it ain't zero.
The third is that the vaccine-injured need support and need proper health care.
The vaccine-injured, so already she's lumping them all.
So vaccine injury is a real thing, at least for these vaccines it's a real thing, but not the earlier ones.
She was never speaking out about the earlier ones, so here you have another.
Another problem.
Neither was he.
He's not speaking out about the earlier ones.
He's talking about these mRNA products.
He's differentiating between these two, not in the way that I differentiated them in 2022 when I was speaking at ACIP, where I was suggesting that in order for someone to exercise informed consent, you had to explain the difference between transfection and the previous vaccine schedule.
I never said either of them was good.
These guys are implying it very clearly.
And that's gross because they've done it with their whole track record.
And you need to say it out loud if you haven't lived it beforehand.
That's why I have to keep repeating it.
If I was a staunch anti-vaxxer before the pandemic and had three unvaccinated children, I might not need to repeat it all the time.
And if I did, I would repeat it in a very different way.
This is ugly because they are not questioning the previous vaccine schedule.
And of course they're not questioning the difference between their vaccine schedule and America's, which is on its face criminal, which any American should be able to say out loud and any foreigner should know so that if they wanted to get an American on their side, that's where they would open with.
This is a meddler show to the fullest extent it can be.
Fourth is that we need to return to the foundational medical ethical principles that we used to, you know, hold dear and that would have stood us in better stead if we hadn't abandoned them over the last few years.
And what are those?
And so, you know, this is a declaration that anybody can come and sign at the... What are those?
And we've got 42,000 members... So we have something else to sign?
Is that like the Great Barrington Declaration or what?
So you have to get my email and my phone number or what?
You see what this is?
This is nonsense!
Who's this gonna help in America, the UK, Germany, the Netherlands?
They're all different traps.
They're all different legislative traps.
They're all different situations.
They're all different potential possibilities for escape.
I don't understand the Hope Accord other than I understand that she is a meddler.
John Campbell is a meddler.
Brett Weinstein is a meddler.
It's obvious that they're all meddlers.
That's what this picture has been about for three years now.
These people have coordinatedly misled us so that we were not able to exercise informed consent and that we taught our children the incorrect biology to explain what happened.
And these people over here are really doing it by not talking about 2020.
And that's why still the vast majority of people don't understand that we don't need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
That's just ridiculous.
But we had a crossover event with Steve Kirsch and the NoVirus people just at the same weekend of the Red Pill show.
And it shouldn't surprise you that Steve Kirsch also had Li Min Yan, which thanks to Mark Hucytonic, ITS, Mark Kulak, we've really, I think, can come to a pretty solid conclusion that Li Min Yan was a very highly manipulated Chinese national.
encouraged to speak out about what she spoke out about.
The narrative may be even given to her and she may have accepted it for whatever reasons.
But I don't know offhand if I want to call Li Min Yan a bad guy or somebody who was manipulated.
And so watch her.
Try to research her and figure out who she was.
But there's no question that in 2018 she was on their team.
She was at the real Event 201, which you can find at therealevent201.com.
And the real Event 201 was a 2018 event where all of the real Scooby-Doo bad guys were presenting.
And then none of those people were present at the Event 201.
But all of these people were present at an event where they discussed all of the most exciting aspects of pandemic biology and specifically coronaviruses.
And so it's creepy where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young.
I just see recently that I said the pivot altogether.
One, two, three, go.
Three, two, one, go.
And I said that I'm retweeting Brett Weinstein talking about how many shooters there are and whether there's a coverup or not.
And what appears underneath, but something about Philip Buchholz and his students, which I've been sent many times.
It's just such a patently obvious military tool to try and get people distracted, to get people to believe that there's some illusion of consensus that even Dr. Lynn Finderella gets in on.
Am I supposed to respond to this nonsense when I'm pointing out that everybody's pivoting to the narrative right away?
Look what we get now.
We got John Cullen, the disappearing flu guy who's connected to George Webb's network directly by John Goodman, who he streams with every night.
is now on Brett Weinstein's podcast with a three hour podcast where he's able to talk about his flu ideas.
And he's able to talk about the three shooters and the guy on top of the water tower and none anywhere in that three hours are they gonna question how discord or some other social media might've been used to trap that little teenager into doing something stupid or that 20 year old or 22 year old into doing something stupid.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
And they're promoting a meddler that is directly connected to George Webb, promotes George Webb every night, the web of deception.
Are you kidding me?
Are you joking?
The web of deception, George Webb, the guy that was on 60 Minutes, that associated himself with Mark Kulak to probably distract from Mark's real work, and was cited,
as a meddler, as a problem for Robert Malone in exactly the same way that you heard Robert Malone just say that Sasha Latupova has been bothering me daily for three years.
Robert Malone also said that one of his worst nemesises on the internet was none other than George Webb, and he left a link to the CBS repost of the 60 Minutes episode.
Stop lying!
These people are all lying about being opposed to each other, about finding each other for the first time.
This is a theater.
They've all been waiting backstage.
They've all been performing on other parts and other stages of this Lollapalooza of liars.
And now if they show up on the same stage, you shouldn't be very surprised because they're all backstage together.
What should we do?
Should we go on your stage now or my stage now?
No, no, that's not part of the script yet.
We're not supposed to know each other yet.
Don't mention me over there yet.
That's not until year three.
That's why they won't talk about this stuff.
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
That's why they won't talk about transfection in healthy humans being criminally negligent.
That's why they won't talk about RNA camp pandemic.
That's why they won't talk about the fact that they are working for weaponized piles of money.
that they are working for DITRA or DOD or whoever it is that has been contracted to create this illusion of consensus about what questions should be asked and then social media has been used to promote them.
It's not a viral thing that Steve Kirsch has risen to where he is.
He's sponsored by the Skoll Foundation.
It's not by happenstance that Robert Malone is where he is.
He used to work for DITRA and the DOD and probably still does.
This whole thing is hilarious if you think that Robert Malone's nemesis is Sasha Latupova, who says that it's the DoD, it's the DoD, it's the DoD.
I see liars.
That's what I see.
I just see liars everywhere I look.
Ladies and gentlemen, lots of goofy stuff going on over there on that laptop.
I think the laptop is hot.
Nope, it's not hot.
So something that needs to reboot.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining me.
Stop all transfections in healthy humans, because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
I'm losing a couple friends now because of it as well, because they are really going after the old people with shingles and pneumonia and all this other crap.
If you liked what you saw, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support my work.
If the only thing you can do is share it, which is fine,
and a great way to support our work.
Please share the last link here, stream.gigaohm.bio.
That's the link that my supporters and I pay for.
That's the link that has no login necessary.
There's no tracking of you.
And you can listen to the music and everything from beginning to end with no cuts.
And you don't give any data to Twitch or anything like that.
If you're already at Twitch because you've been following me for a long time, what can I say other than thank you very, very, very much.
See you again soon ladies and gentlemen Don't forget there's a new interview of me with dr. Lee merit.
I think it's an absolutely spectacular interview We talked about the human genome project.
We talked about microscopes.
We talked about a lot of stuff And I'm really thankful that she's released that video So please share that link.
It's us at stream that gig ohm bio and also share her rumble link as well Thanks guys.
See you again soon